8/20/19

Homework:
    -

I. Eight Great Ideas In Computer Architecture:
    - Moore's Law
    - Use Abstraction to dimplify design
        ~ Use Abstraction to characterize the design at different levels of representation;
        Lower-level details are hidden to offer a simpler model at higher levels.
    - Make The Common case fast
        ~ Making the common case fast will tend to enhance performance better than optimizing the rare case.
    - Performance via Parallelism:
        ~ Computer architects have offereed designs that get more performance by computer operations in parallel.
    - Performance via pipelining
        ~ A particular pattern of parallelism is so prevalent in computer architecture that it merits its own name.
        ~ Pipelining, which moves multiple operations through hardware units that each do a piece of an operations. 
    - Performance via prediction
        ~ The idea of prediction is that, in some cases it can be faster on average to guess and start working rather than wait until you
        know for sure.
    - Hierarchy of memories 
        ~ Programmers want the memory to be fast, large, and cheap, as memory speed often shapes performance, capacity limits the size of problems that can be solved

8/22/19

Homework:
    -

I. CPU Time = CPU Clock cycles* clock time

Consider two different processors P1, and P2 executing the same instruction set. P1 has a 4 GHz clock rate and a CPI of 1. P2 has a 3 GHz clock rate and a CPI of 1.5.
Which procesor has the highest performance expressed in instructions per second?

Consider three different processors P1, P2, and P3 executing the same instruction set. P1 has 3 GHz clock rate and a CPI of 1.5. P2 has a 2.5 GHz clock rate and a CPI of 1.0. P3 has a 4.0 GHz clock rate and has a CPI of 2.2.
Which Processor has the highest performance expressed in instructions per second?
If the processors each execute a program in 10 seconds, find the number of cycles and the number of instructions.


8/27/2019

Homework:
    - Quiz 2

Schedule:
    - 2.1 Race, Ethnicity, and European Imperial Projects

I. Announcements
II. Administering new Spain
    a. Casta Paintings
    b. The Mission System
    c. The Pueblo Revolt
III. New France
    a. New Understandings of Race
    b. Samuel de Champlain's Dream
    c. French Relationships with Native Peoples
IV. English Colonization Efforts
    a. Virginia
        - Jamestown
        - The Powhatan and the First Settlers
    b. New England
V. Conclusion:
    a. Justifying Difference in the Era of European Colonization
