10.3.2019 - Thursday

I. Announcements 
II. After Revolution
    a. Paving the Way West
        ~ Control of Western Lands
        ~ Creating and Administering New States
    b. The Contitution and Native Peoples
        ~ Article 1, Section 2:
            "Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several
            States which may be included within this Union, according to their respective
            Numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons,
            including those bound to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not
            taxed, three fifths of all other Persons."
        ~ Article 1, Section 8:
            "The Congress shall have power... To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among 
            the several states, and with the Indian Tribes"
    c. Early Treaties with Native Peoples
        ~ The Treaty of Canandaigua
            + This is the earliest treaty between the United States and Native American peoples 
            still recognized by the U.S. Government.
            + The Treaty promised peace between the Americans and members of the Six Nations of 
            Iroquois Confederacy, which had divided loyalties during the war.
            + The U.S. subsequently ignored, abandoned, or otherwise amended treaties with 
            native peoples.
            + This copy of the treaty is in the possession of the National Archives
    d. The United States and Native Peoples of the First West 
        ~ The Battle of Fallen Timbers
            + "Mad" Anthony Wayne
        ~ Assimilationist Policies 
III. Creating an "Empire of Liberty"
    a. Jefferson's Vision 
        ~ Nation of Farmers <smaller sized farms>
    b. The Louisiana Purchase and American Expanison
IV. Andrew Jackson and the Democratic Party
    a. Andrew Jackson's Rise 
    b. Democratic Party Organizing
V. Indian Removal 
    a. Desires of the State of Georgia
    b. The "Five Civilized Tribes"
    c. The Trail of Tears
    d. The Seminole Wars
VI. Conclusion: Maintaining the Old Ways 